docs(installation): update installation following segmentation issue (#911)
Bearer/bearer: README.md

  ```

  Update an existing installation with the following:

  ```bash
  brew update && brew update bearer/tap/bearer
  ```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Debian/Ubuntu</summary>

  ```shell
  sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https
  echo "deb [trusted=yes] https://apt.fury.io/bearer/ /" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list.d/fury.list
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install bearer
  ```

  Update an existing installation with the following:

  ```bash
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install bearer
  ```

  **Known issues**

>   - We are currently investigating an [issue](https://github.com/Bearer/bearer/issues/899) which would prevent Bearer to run correctly. If you encounter this bug, we recommend following the Docker installation instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We are currently investigating an [issue](https://github.com/Bearer/bearer/issues/899) which could prevent Bearer running correctly. If you encounter this bug, we recommend following the Docker installation instructions.
```
